# Pewlett-Hackard-Analysis
## Overview
The purpose of this analysis was to conduct a review of employees approaching retirement (the "Silver Tsunami") as well as generate a list of employees who may be interested in serving as mentors for younger staff.

## Results
- There are 72,458 staff approaching retirement. Of this group, the title category with the highest number of upcoming retirees is Senior Engineer with 25,916 people. The title category with the least is Manager with only 2 employees approaching retirement. There are 24,926 Senior Staff, 9,285 Engineers, 7,636 Staff, 3,603 Technique Leaders, and 1,090 Assistant Engineers approaching retirement. 
- A list of employees who may be interesting in serving as mentors was generated by evaluating the number of staff born in 1965. There are 1,549 employees born in this year, including 569 Senior Staff, 501 Engineers, 169 Senior Engineers, 78 Assistant Staff, and 77 Techique Leaders. 

## Summary
There are many employees approaching retirement at the company. To maintain business continuity, it is critical to promote, cross-train, and/or mentor younger employees, as well as hire new staff to meet the anticipated loss of staff. As a first step, I'd recommend reaching out to a bigger pool of candidates, beyond those born in 1965, who may be interesting in mentoring younger employees. Further, I'd also want to dig deeper and review the teams in each department to see which specific teams are expected to have the largest loss of staff. 
